---
title: "F8uck*ing系列第二弹"
date: "2006-01-07"
---

**My  Grammar Mistakes**

**1 There are many insects in the world that never do the least harm to human beings.a little**

**2 When you go by train, make sure you take an express, one that stop only at big stations.what**

**3 The American spirit of independence is what really made cars popular.something**

**4 Years ago, the belief became general that orange juice and milk should never be drunk at the same meal so that**

**5 You can come whenever it is convenient to you.it is convenient of you.**

**6 We went, and, which was more surprising, won the contest.what**

**7 When he was fifty, he developed a love of poems. the**

**8 They still remembered the happy years spent together in the country. Which spent together**

**9 The owner and editor of the newspaper is to attend the conference. Are to attend**

**10 Melted iron is poured into the mixer much in the same way as tea is poured into a cup from a teapot.in the same way which**

**11 The little man hardly more than on meter fifty high. Almost more than**

**12 What he invented had a great effect on the world in the years to come. Had, the years come.**

**13 Was it from the district library that you borrowed the book? Where**

**14 Lucy isn’t coming to stay with us for the weekend.**

  **The guest room doesn’t need cleaning. Needs not to be cleaned.**

**15 He fell off his bike. As a result, he had to stay at home for several days. In other words**

**16 The WTO cannot live up to its name if it does not include a country that is home to one fifth of mankind. As long as**

**17 When you want to work for our country in the future, first of all, we should have strong body and rich knowledge. At first.**

**18 In** **spite of what has recently been done to provide more buses for the people, a shortage of public vehicles remains a serious problem. What**

**19 We are going to have and English evening this Friday. Would you like to take part? Attend**

**20 The mad man was put in the soft-padded cell lest he injure himself. Had injured**

**21 I’m afraid these new trousers are so tight as not to put on.**

**22 He told a joke and expected a laugh in return, but received none.**

**23 Those who are brought up in the countryside are not accustomed to living in town.**

**24 I have a number of complains to make about the management of the hotel. Discoveries**

**25 I’m sorry I have to decline your invitation because of a previous appointment. Last**

**26 To be honest, I don’t quite share with you some view on the matter.**

**27 That’s a nice coat, and the color suits you well.**

**28 The song was taken up as soon as the girl stated singing it. Held up**

**29 After hard work for a long time, his eyesight began to fail. Fall**

**30 To the best of my knowledge, such things don’t quite often happen.**

**31 All of us enjoyed the speech given by the visiting professor last night. The speech contained some interesting ideas. Included**

**32 I don’t know the actual income of the family, but I do know it is very small. Exact**

**33 One hundred dollars is required as a payment in advance. Demanded**

**34 Children are bound to have some accidents as they grow up. Doubtless**

**35 The foreign minister said that the troops were needed to control the refugee flow. Float**

**36 The situation has changed suddenly; accordingly we must try to seek something to cope with it. eventually.**

**37 The temple was built in a dominant position on a hill where everyone could see it.**

**38 You have no other choice except to study hard if you are determined to accomplish your purpose.**

**39 Education, science and t4echnology are of primary importance in China’s national economy. Most**

**40 The wounded man was in a terrible condition when the doctors found him. Situation**

**41 The couple work two hours more than usual and thus they can have more leisure.**

**42 A** **judge should deal fairly with everyone hand should study every matter objectively. Carefully**

**43 Please excuse me leaving early, I have to collect my 6-year-old son from school in half an hour.**

**44 His English is better than anyone else’s in his class.**

**45 It’s highly desirable that a new president be appointed for his college.**

**46 The patient believes in fresh air for his health.**

**47 The lecture must have been interesting, for the lecturer spoke for a whole hour and was heard with attention.**

**48 The language learner may observe how native expressions differ from the way the learner might say.**

**49 The investigation indicates that the cause of the air crash might be one of the engines’ failure to operate.**

**50 Such was her cruelty that we all hated her. It**

**51 With a lot of difficult problems to settle, the newly-elected president is having a hard time. Settled**

**52 Language belongs to each of us, to the flower-seller, as much as to the professor.**

**53 The young driver looked over the engine carefully lest it should go wrong.**

**54 Being somewhat short-sighted, she has the habit of peering at people. Have the habit of doing something. ????**

**55 Scientists have given a warning to reduce the amount of lead in paint, especially that used on children’s toys and furniture.**

**56 The doctor examined him thoroughly.**

**57 If the traffic hadn’t been so heavy, I could have been back by 6 o’clock. What a pity! Tina was here to see you. Have been**

**58 It was the great contribution that they had made that enabled them to be awarded a Nobel prize.**

**59 Everyone had a fair chance, didn’t they?**

**60 Words failed me when I wanted to express my thanks to him for having saved my son from the burning house.**

**61 If you spend enough money advertising, your product sales will surely increase.**

**62 Ben has not the least intention of giving up his research. Desire.**

**63 One of the advantages of living on the top of a high-rise is that you can get a good view.**

**64 Carine is not in the mood for going to the ball tonight.**

**65 It is reported that there is no better alternative for mother’s milk.**

**66 The audience was carried away by the speaker’s eloquence (****口才****) taken away**

**67 We watched the football match live on television.**

**68 The young man was an effective speaker and soon persuaded the crowd to support him.**

**69 He had a talent for music and was appointed conductor of Shanghai Symphony Orchestra at the age of 30.**

**70 Psychologists say that relaxing our emotions will make us feel better and there is nothing to be ashamed of.**

**71 Hunting animals ahs destroyed the balance of the food chain and the balance of nature.**

**72 I can’t endure to see children suffer.**

**73 If you want to ensure that you catch the plain, take a taxi.**

**74 This joint venture, with its serious financial problems, is no longer manageable.**

**75 Many people also visit restaurants that specialize in vegetarian meals or a special cereal diet.**

**76 In** **the 1960s a typical hour-long American show would run for 51 minutes excluding commercials.**

**77 After looking for a long time, we found there was a vacant place over there where we can park.**

**78 The two men withdrew from the room while the meeting voted for who should be chairman.**

**79 She was so persuasive that I was taken in.**

**80 Mr. and Mrs. Smith don’t have children, so they only want an apartment of moderate size.**

**81 There are a lot of gossips going around the company about the new boss.**

**82 Our country is undergoing an important historic period of change.**

**83 The chef recommended the beef, which he said was very tender. Mild**

**84 People usually associate roses with beautiful ladies. Combine**

**85 Amelie feared that competition for work would be too fierce, so she thought about further studying in London.**

**86 A** **self-sufficient settlement on the moon was once only a dream, but now it is definitely within our capabilities. Exactly, certainly**

**87 Since the appointment of the new manager, the company has undertaken several major changes.**

**88 The teacher suggested that I should often refer to (\= consult) the dictionary for the spelling of a word.**

**89 The food was carefully divided and found to contain an amount of poison. Separate, analyzed**

**90 You must be very simple to be taken in by such a story. Lucky**

**91 A** **young man who is filled with ambitions usually works very hard. Dreams**

**92 The doctor felt John’s arm to find out if the bone was broken. See to**

**93 We were in danger and I felt strongly that we had to give up our plan immediately. Deeply**

**94 Teaching such students is hard work, but the effort is rewarding. Worth**

**95 She bumped her head on the table. Knocked**

**96 The car won’t start because the battery has run down. Run up**

**97 That is he whom you met at the station. It**

**98 He’s just left on a visit to Kunming. Why didn’t you go with him?**

  **I didn’t mean to. To, like**

**99 He is quite tall for a boy of fifteen. In fact, he is taller that most boys of his age. As**

**100 It seemed to the teacher that the young student was very mature for his age. At**

                                                       **Frank**

                                                Saturday, January 07, 2006
